[Docs] Add prerequisite target to "build a sample app" (#1907)
yewstack/yew: website/versioned_docs/version-0.18.0/getting-started/build-a-sample-app.md

cargo install trunk wasm-bindgen-cli
```

> Also, if not already done, you need to install the wasm32-unknown-unknown target to compile Rust to Wasm. If you're using rustup, you just need to run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't already installed it, you need to add the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target. 
To install this with Rustup:
```
